Add back standards position banner with agreed wording (#31942)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/storage_access_api/related_website_sets/index.md

{{DefaultAPISidebar("Storage Access API")}}

> > **Warning:** This feature is currently [opposed](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Web_standards#opposing_standards) by two browser vendors. See [Standards positions](#standards_positions) for details of opposition.

Reviewer: It's not clear from the two links here that one leads to Glossary and the other to a section on this page. How about 1) we remove the link on "opposed" since it is linked in the section later and 2) be more specific about the section link on the page?
```suggestion
> **Warning:** This feature is currently opposed by two browser vendors. See the [Standards positions](#standards_positions) section below for details of opposition.
```
Unrelated to this PR, but could we change the page title to "Related website sets" to match MDN's sentence casing?

Author: Yup, I like this change; I will commit this in a moment.

And FYI, I called the page "Related WebSite Sets" because it is the official name of the feature, and cased as such.

### Standards positions

> Two browser vendors oppose this specification. Known positions are as follows:

Reviewer 2: I would link "oppose this specification" to the definition of what that means - i.e. we think it means that this will never be implemented.

Author: Good idea. I've added the definition to its own section in the "Web standards" glossary page, and linked to there. I think it works much better in context there, than on its own separate page.
